Barclays Online Banking
How to reset your passcode and memorable word
It's easy to reset your
Online Banking passcode.
To start click ‘Log In’.
Next, type in your surname as
it appears on your account.
Then select one of the options
and type in your details.
Click ‘Continue’.
Then click ‘Don't know your passcode?’
Enter your date of birth.
Now select the type of
account you have
and enter your account details,
followed by your 3-digit security code.
Next, click ‘Continue’.
This screen provides you with two
options to reset your passcode.
For this example, we'll choose
‘Send me a text message’.
If you have more than one mobile number,
select the one you'd like us to
send the text message to
and click ‘Continue’.
You should then receive a code by
text to your mobile phone
but if there are any issues,
select ‘Request another code’.
Next, click ‘Continue’
and enter your new passcode twice.
You'll now need a new memorable word
that you'll need to enter twice.
Finally, click on ‘Confirm Passcode’
and you can now use these
new details to login.